Feature/tf df serving (#21)
ml6team/quick-tips: structured_data/2021_07_02_TFDF_serving/TF-DF-serving.md

# Serving TF-DF models using TF Serving

> *This is a small excerpt from the  https://blog.ml6.eu/serving-decision-forests-with-tensorflow-b447ea4fc81c blogpost*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*This is a small excerpt from our [blogpost on decision forests](https://blog.ml6.eu/serving-decision-forests-with-tensorflow-b447ea4fc81c)*
```

TensorFlow and TensorFlow Extended are a broad ecosystem of software packages, allowing to train, serve,... ML models.

> The addition of decision forests to TensorFlow (blogpost)[https://www.tensorflow.org/decision_forests], increases the applicability of TensorFlow on many more use cases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [addition of decision forests to TensorFlow](https://www.tensorflow.org/decision_forests) increases the applicability of TensorFlow on many more use cases.
```

Training is only one part of ML models: robust inference calculations are as important in a data pipeline.
This is where TensorFlow Serving comes in. TensorFlow Serving basically creates an API around a model. On top of that it allows to split code and model, enabling separate versioning.

> Unfortunately, when TensorFlow Decision Forests (TF-DF) was released, TensorFlow Serving was not ready to except these new models.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Unfortunately, when TensorFlow Decision Forests (TF-DF) was released, TensorFlow Serving was not ready to serve these new models.
```

> As we found TF-DF models to be very interesting, we, at ML6, decided to build a custom docker image to serve these models.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We decided to build a custom `tf-serving` docker image to serve these models.
```

> The docker image can be found at (https://hub.docker.com/r/ml6team/tf-serving-tfdf)[https://hub.docker.com/r/ml6team/tf-serving-tfdf].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The docker image can be found on [DockerHub](https://hub.docker.com/r/ml6team/tf-serving-tfdf).
```

> To use the docker image for a penguin model, the following code can be used:

Reviewer: Maybe refer to the colab that was used to train this penguin model?

Author: has been added

# Serving TF-DF models using TF Serving

*This is a small excerpt from our [blogpost on decision forests](https://blog.ml6.eu/serving-decision-forests-with-tensorflow-b447ea4fc81c)*

TensorFlow and TensorFlow Extended are a broad ecosystem of software packages, allowing to train, serve,... ML models.

The [addition of decision forests to TensorFlow](https://www.tensorflow.org/decision_forests) increases the applicability of TensorFlow on many more use cases.

Training is only one part of ML models: robust inference calculations are as important in a data pipeline.
This is where TensorFlow Serving comes in. TensorFlow Serving basically creates an API around a model. On top of that it allows to split code and model, enabling separate versioning.

Unfortunately, when TensorFlow Decision Forests (TF-DF) was released, TensorFlow Serving was not ready to serve these new models.

We decided to build a custom `tf-serving` docker image to serve these models.

The docker image can be found on [DockerHub](https://hub.docker.com/r/ml6team/tf-serving-tfdf).

> The model used in the following example was trained using the [TF-DF pinguins colab](https://colab.research.google.com/github/tensorflow/decision-forests/blob/main/documentation/tutorials/beginner_colab.ipynb).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The model used in the following example was trained using the [TF-DF penguins colab](https://colab.research.google.com/github/tensorflow/decision-forests/blob/main/documentation/tutorials/beginner_colab.ipynb).
```
